Oh, these two kids are running out whispering.
As I see it.
It should have been their wedding a long time ago.
I'm going to find someone to watch the day tomorrow.
Try to get married next month.
I can hug my grandson next year.
brother
It's about marriage.
I have to see what the two of them think.
Mom.
I want to kiss the promise.
What's wrong with you two?
Isn't it fun to get engaged?
No, our house doesn't have that many ideas.
Did you get beaten up by the wild man outside?
Mrs Phong.
Pay attention to your words.
This marriage...
Your son wants to cancel.
Aunty.
I've got something to show you.
Ok, don't worry.
I'm going with you today.
We ended the engagement.
You don't have to worry about people saying you're a lover anymore.
I'll definitely give you the money.
Understand the East as a person with a marriage contract
Don't know who you want a girlfriend for?